[improve][doc] SEO for Concepts and Architecture except Overview and Messaging (#674)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/concepts-topic-compaction.md

id: concepts-topic-compaction
title: Topic Compaction
sidebar_label: "Topic Compaction"

> descriptions: Get a comprehensive understanding of the concept, features and functioning of topic compaction in Apache Pulsar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
descriptions: Get a comprehensive understanding of concepts, features, and workflow of topic compaction in Apache Pulsar.
```

## How topic compaction works

When topic compaction is triggered [via the CLI](cookbooks-compaction.md), it works in the following steps:

1. Pulsar will iterate over the entire topic from beginning to end.

  For each key that it encounters the compaction routine will keep a record of the latest occurrence of that key.

2. After that, the broker will create a new [BookKeeper ledger](concepts-architecture-overview.md#ledgers) and make a second iteration through each message on the topic. For each message:

>     - if the key matches the latest occurrence of that key, then the key's data payload, message ID, and metadata will be written to the newly created ledger. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the key matches the latest occurrence of that key, then the key's data payload, message ID, and metadata will be written to the newly created ledger. 
```

  
    - If the key doesn't match the latest then the message will be skipped and left alone. 
  
    - If any given message has an empty payload, it will be skipped and considered deleted (akin to the concept of [tombstones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tombstone_(data_store)) in key-value databases). 
  
3. At the end of this second iteration through the topic, the newly created BookKeeper ledger is closed and two things are written to the topic's metadata: 

    - the ID of the BookKeeper ledger

>     - the message ID of the last compacted message (this is known as the **compaction horizon** of the topic). 

Reviewer: same
